# **Daedalus' Labyrinth** (name pending)
#### *Assessment Two: IT and Software Object Oriented Programming Report*
---

## Section: Proposed Solution

---
## Index
1. [Task Description](#task-description)
2. [My Solution](#my-solution)

---

## 1. Task Description
Choose a suitable game development software to utilise the Object-Oriented Programming approach, to create a computer game inspired by the text-based role-playing adventure game [*Hunt The Wumpus*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hunt_the_Wumpus), originally written in the procedural programming language BASIC.

## 2. My Solution
*Daedalus' Labyrinth* will be a 2D adventure game inspired by Greek Mythological story *Theseus and the Minotaur*. The game will be set in Daedalus' Labyrinth where the minotaur resides, during an unspecified period of time. The player controls an unnamed protagonist, whose aim is to navigate the labyrinth and slay the minotaur.

The gameplay order will be as follows:
1. Player spawns in start room with monolith
2. Player walks around
3. Player finds sword
4. Player encounters small enemies
5. Player finds all four parts of old coin/round tablet
6. Player assembles old coin/round tablet in start room
7. Player can no longer walk to dead ends (walls appear)
8. Player is led to minotaur room in middle of labyrinth
9. Player wakes up minotaur
10. Minotaur charges at player
11. Player drops coin and slashes at vines
12. Player hunts minotaur
13. Player must stab minotaur from the back
14. Minotaur dies
15. Labyrinth starts shaking
16. Player ends game by: \
	16.1. Returning to start \
	16.2. Going to minotaur’s room \
	16.3. Dying after a certain amount of time
